Add transport gRPC to port information (#2587)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.21/migrate.md

The [**Sensu backend**][3] is powered by an embedded transport and [etcd][36] datastore and gives you flexible, automated workflows to route metrics and alerts.
Sensu backends require persistent storage for their embedded database, disk space for local asset caching, and several exposed ports:

> - 2379 (HTTP/HTTPS; transport gRPC) Sensu storage client: Required for Sensu backends using an external etcd instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2379 (gRPC) Sensu storage client: Required for Sensu backends using an external etcd instance
```

> - 2380 (HTTP/HTTPS) Sensu storage peer: Required for other Sensu backends in a [cluster][37]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2380 (gRPC) Sensu storage peer: Required for other Sensu backends in a [cluster][37]
```
